# Terms of Service
Last updated on 14th of August in 2022

## Accepting These Terms
Thanks for using Alfred! These Terms of Service ("Terms", "ToS") are a legal agreement between Alfred Bot ("we", "us", "our", the "owner") and you ("you" or "your"). Alfred Bot owns and operates the https://alfredbot.app website and Alfred Discord Bot (the "Service"). Alfred Bot functions on Discord (the "Platform"). We follow and accept Discord's Terms of Service completely apart from our Terms. By inviting, using, or distributing Alfred, any source code, any binary associated with Alfred or its parts, or our website, collectively referred to as "Alfred Bot" or the "Service" you agree if you are the age of majority in your jurisdiction or over, that you have read, understood, and accept to be bound by the Discord's Terms of Service and our Terms, and if you are below the age of majority in your jurisdiction, that your legal guardian has reviewed and agrees to these Terms.

At any time do we reserve the right to update these Terms with reasons including, but not limiting to adhering to new legal requirements, or improving your experience using Alfred. If the aforementioned changes affect your usage of Alfred or your legal rights, we will notify you no less than seven days before the changes take effect. Unless we state otherwise, your continued use of the Service after we post modifications will constitute your acceptance of and agreement to those changes. If you object to the changes, your recourse shall be to cease using the Service.

## Content on This Website
Unless where otherwise specified or clearly recognizable, all content available on this Website is owned or provided by the Owner or its licensors. The Owner undertakes its utmost effort to ensure that the content provided on this Website infringes no applicable legal provisions or third-party rights. However, it may not always be possible to achieve such a result. In such cases, without prejudice to any legal prerogatives of Users to enforce their rights, Users are kindly asked to preferably report related complaints using the contact details provided in this document.

## Rights Regarding Content on This Website - All Rights Reserved
The Owner holds and reserves all intellectual property rights for any such content. Users may not therefore use such content in any way that is not necessary or implicit in the proper use of the Service. In particular, but without limitation, Users may not copy, download, share (beyond the limits set forth below), modify, translate, transform, publish, transmit, sell, sublicense, edit, transfer/assign to third parties or create derivative works from the content available on this Website, nor allow any third party to do so through the User or their device, even without the User's knowledge. Where explicitly stated on this Website, the User may download, copy and/or share some content available through this Website for its sole personal and non-commercial use and provided that the copyright attributions and all the other attributions requested by the Owner are correctly implemented. Any applicable statutory limitation or exception to copyright shall stay unaffected.

## Access to External Resources
Through this Website Users may have access to external resources provided by third parties. Users acknowledge and accept that the Owner has no control over such resources and is therefore not responsible for their content and availability. Conditions applicable to any resources provided by third parties, including those applicable to any possible grant of rights in content, result from each such third parties’ terms and conditions or, in the absence of those, applicable statutory law. In particular, on this Website Users may see advertisements provided by third parties. The Owner does not control or moderate the advertisements displayed via this Website. If Users click on any such advertisement, they will be interacting with any third party responsible for that advertisement. The Owner is not responsible for any matters resulting from such interaction with third parties, such as anything resulting from visiting third-party websites or using third-party content.

## Acceptable Use
This Website and the Service may only be used within the scope of what they are provided for, under these Terms and applicable law. Users are solely responsible for making sure that their use of this Website and/or the Service violates no applicable law, regulations or third-party rights. Therefore, the Owner reserves the right to take any appropriate measure to protect its legitimate interests including denying Users access to this Website or the Service, terminating contracts, reporting any misconduct performed through this Website or the Service to the competent authorities – such as judicial or administrative authorities - whenever Users are suspected to be in violation of any laws, regulations, third-party rights and/or these Terms, including, but not limited to, by engaging in any of the following activities:
